docs: edits to CA rotation docs (#52600)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/operations/ca-rotation.mdx

proceeding to the next phase. We will explain the phases in [Step
2](#step-24-start-a-manual-rotation).

Any OpenSSH hosts must be issued new host certificates during the
`update_servers` phase of the `host` CA rotation.

Any Teleport processes that connect directly to the Auth Service need a CA pin
in order to trust the TLS certificate presented by the Auth Service.

> This includes all Proxy Services and any agents in a self-hosted cluster that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes all Proxy Service instances and any agents in a self-hosted cluster that
```

`update_clients` and `standby` phases so that all user certificates signed by
the old CA will have already expired and required a re-login.

If you have registered Windows desktops with Teleport,
[follow the guide](../../../enroll-resources/desktop-access/active-directory.mdx)
to export the Teleport user CA so the Windows Desktop Service can authenticate
to RDP hosts.
Verify that you can connect to registered desktops throughout the rotation.

### `db` and `db_client`

The `db` and `db_client` CAs issue certificates that the Teleport Database
Service uses to communicate with self-hosted databases.

The Teleport Database Service presents a certificate signed by the `db_client`
CA when communicating with a self-hosted database, which an admin configures to
trust certificates issued by this CA.

Admins can configure self-hosted databases to present a certificate signed by
the `db` CA, which the Database Service uses to verify that a database server is
a genuine Teleport-protected resource. Alternatively, self-hosted databases can
present a certificate signed by a custom CA, and admins can configure the
Teleport Database Service to trust the CA.

> #### Rotating the database CAs

Reviewer: What would you think of merging Step 1 and Step 2, so that:
- the H3-level sections in Step 1 would be the names of CAs (as they are now)
- the content of each section is a list of instructions for rotating the CA

Right now, some H3s in Step 1 are instructions for rotating the CA, and some aren't. Meanwhile, Step 2 is pretty short, and the `tctl status` examples are longer than the instructions themselves.

I can make this change in a PR against this PR if that makes sense to you!

Author: I think the current idea is that step 1 explains what each CA is and gives any specific instructions you need to know for whatever is unique about that CA, and then step 2 gives you the CLI commands to actually do a rotation for any CA. I'm not personally sure how i would go about merging them, I wasn't really trying to restructure the guide here, just add some context. If you want to give it a shot in another PR go for it
